Nebula pause and rebrand. (#955)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: open-science-training.md

  -
    title: Nebula
    description: |

>       Nebula is currently paused whole the Open Science corriculum is refreshed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Nebula is currently paused while the Open Science curriculum is refreshed. 
```
